Clarification of acceptable use of "fail" and "disable" (#163)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/includes/terms/d.rst

          -

   disabled
     :icon-fa4:`exclamation-triangle` Use *inactive* to describe

>      commands, toggled options, or buttons on the interface. Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     commands, options, toggles, or buttons in the interface. Use
```
